{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1031\deflangfe1031{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f53\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1031\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid397835\rsid1717557\rsid2562031\rsid3481907\rsid4916053\rsid5715166\rsid7170837\rsid9445908\rsid10052312\rsid10711786\rsid10779479}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.0000;}{\info
{\operator Nicolai}{\creatim\yr2013\mo5\dy10\hr11\min55}{\revtim\yr2013\mo5\dy10\hr13\min18}{\version7}{\edmins0}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1472}{\nofchars9279}{\nofcharsws10730}{\vern24615}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.
com/office/word/2003/wordml}{\xmlns2 urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1417\margr1417\margt1417\margb1134\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\donotembedsysfont0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale150\rsidroot10779479 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1031\langfe1031\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166\charrsid10779479 DCFF Sample Decks:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166\charrsid10779479 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166\charrsid10779479 Dol Guldur Revisited [Thr\'e1in]:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166\charrsid10779479 
\par objectives: 
\par 1. Rescue some Prisoners, Passing the Doors of Dol Guldur.
\par 2. Play one or several Dwarven Rings and use their power to influence the Ironfists and recruit characters
\par hazards: Dwarves and Maiar.
\par play tips:
\par starting company: Thorin (Oakenshield, Trusted Counsellor), Gulla (Lost Tome), Dworin, Nali (Shield)
\par - move to Dol Guldur early on, using Amon Lanc to get Pass the Doors (or Thr\'e1in himself) from the discard.
\par - tap Thr\'e1in to get Pass the Doors, Last of the Seven, Block and Test of Fire to your discard pile, and recycle these with your stage cards. Preferably test for Dwarven Rings with Ringlore however.
\par - Lost Tome can be used for playing Ringlore at Dol Guldur.
\par - use Durin's Ring to untap Dol Guldur, so you can move away and return for Rescue Prisoners later. Return to Old Dwellings can also keep the site tapped in play, but it's not without risk.
\par - use Dworin to prevent Old Grudge from leaving play.
\par - you don't start with a sage, but there are plenty in deck (or start with King's Advisor if you prefer)
\par - if Thr\'e1in bears a Dwarven Ring, use Foundations of the Hoard (sideboard) to make hoard items (e.g. The Arkenstone) playable at Dol Guldur.
\par - beware Bane of the Ithil Stone, and minions at Dol Guldur. Orc-mail (sideboard) might help out.
\par - be sure to have 3 types of battle-gear items in play for Clad for War.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid397835\charrsid10779479 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid10779479\charrsid10779479 Not Badly Off [Thorin]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid10779479 :}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid7170837 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid10779479\charrsid10779479 1. Drop down to either Drowning-deeps, Ruins of Belegost, Ruins of Nogrod }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid10779479 (to not tap both without playing Battle-axe of the Fallen) }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid10779479\charrsid10779479 
or preferably to a Deep Mines to play items & Veins of Arda. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid10779479 
\par 2. Try to get Deep Mountain Fortress into play on Drowning-deeps to allow you to move away towards Under-vaults, or use a Deep Mines and New Tunnels on it, otherwise getting to the Iron-deeps & Carn D\'fbm can be tricky to play Kheleglin there.
\par hazards: Trolls & environments}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid10711786  to increase their playability!}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid10779479 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid10711786 starting company: Balin (Crimson Hood, Durin\rquote s Day & Trusted Counsellor, Pipe), Dworin, Fr\'e1r, Gulla (Healing Herbs), N\'e1in.
\par - N\'e1in plays Secret Entrance to allow the company to move down unscatted!
\par - Dworin can keep Old Grudge in play, key to defeat nasty creatures and attacks on Deep Mountain Fortress
\par - Keeping Balin alive is key, let him use the Pipe or pass it to Fr\'e1r if weary of corruption; Fr\'e1r can also retrieve Healing Herbs so use the untap as well!
\par - Once Thorin has Durin\rquote s Day on him get An Unexpected Party & Dwarven Hoard (you need it for the Arkenstone which is a hoard item in DC games) from your SB. 
\par - use your Forgotten Scrolls wisely to play Battle-axe of the Fallen, remember you do not need any rolls to move down to an Under-deep site, but up rather, so sometimes risk to draw into a Dwarven Light-stone.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid2562031 - if you need stage points to move to the Deep Mines, split your company at the Blue Mountain Dwarf-hold}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid2562031\charrsid10779479 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid10779479 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid7170837 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid7170837\charrsid7170837 Trade is King [Dain]:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid7170837 
\par 1. Score factions and items and setup King under the Mountain
\par 2. Keep a drake in hand for Dragon-feuds as an early Ahunt Dragon can spell your doom!
\par hazards: Drakes and more Dragons, protect what you play ;) !
\par play tips: 
\par starting company: Thr\'e1in II (Durin\rquote s Day, Trusted Counsellor), Thorin III Stonehelm (Son of N\'e1in, Healing Herbs, Pipe), Dworin (Star-glas)
\par - }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid1717557 play items and factions straight away, except for Wood-elves for which you better keep a No Stranger at this time in hand. At your Service! Is the key helpe
r card there, but if also allows for beefy influence attempts against opponent\rquote s!}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid7170837 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid1717557 - Durin\rquote s Day & Dragon-lore allow for a fast access on the Emerald of Doriath and other nice items in your SB
\par - Try to kill Leucaruth at Home for fast access to King under the Mountain, but it could be vital to keep it in play as a protection as well; we some items (Deadly Dart) & Sated Beast even Smaug at Home is a piece of cake.
\par - Try to get No Stranger at this time on Returned Exiles, so you do not have to squat at several sites!
\par - do not forget Clad for War to get full item points for most of your items!}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid1717557\charrsid7170837 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid7170837 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid397835\charrsid10779479 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166\charrsid10779479 Hunting Orcs [Balin]:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166\charrsid10779479 
\par objectives:
\par 1. Score some weapons at hidden sites in the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Misty{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}Mountains{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
\par 2. Invade Moria, slay The Balrog, and become Lord of Dwarrow-delf
\par hazards: Dwarves
\par play tips:
\par starting company: Dain (Cram), Legolas (Thrall of the Voice, Herbs), Gimli Son of Gl\'f3in, Bombur (Pipe), Dori
\par - leave Bombur at {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Blue Mountains{\*\xmlclose} to smoke a Pipe and get minor items with Cup of Farewell
\par - use Hunting Orcs to get Wondrous Maps from sideboard and in play in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Misty{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}Mountains{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
 - Southern Spur
\par - you can then play Mining Settlement and Decent Giant there (as well as a major item).
\par - tap Balin to bring Return to Old Dwellings, Longbottom Leaf, Lord of Dwarrowdelf and some non-unique Dwarves to the discard
\par - move to Moria to play Return to Old Dwellings, and later Halls/Reconquest of Khazad-d\'fbm, and Folk of Durin.
\par - reserve Moria to play Book of Mazarbul, or if you tap it, use Forgotten Scrolls to untap it with Look More Closely (both sideboard)
\par - if you need extra SP's for Legacy, Lord of Dwarrowdelf or The Seven Houses, split companies at Blue Mountain Dwarfhold.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166\charrsid10779479 Clean the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Greenwood{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} [Thranduil]:

\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166\charrsid10779479 
\par objectives:
\par 1. Score some weapons at sites in Mirkwood
\par 2. Invade Dol Guldur, Clean the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Greenwood{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} and do some Great Hunting
\par hazards: Elves
\par play tips:
\par starting company: Bladorthin (Trusted Counsellor, Elfstone), Legolas, Wood-elf (Star-glass), Haldir
\par - move early on to Dol Guldur, to play an item and invert Towers Destroyed
\par - then play more items in Mirkwood and Clean the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Greenwood{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
\par - tap Thranduil to get Muster, Many Turns, The Hunt, Desperate Strike and Refuge to the discard
\par - sideboard The Great Hunt in to do some Hunting (use desperate strike to defeat creatures with body)
\par - {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}sideboard{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}Pass{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
 the Doors and Rescue Prisoners in near end of cycle, and move to Dol Guldur again to finish the job
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166\charrsid10779479 Dark Technologies [Sauron]:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166\charrsid10779479 
\par objectives:
\par 1. Forge some Dwarven and Magic Rings at Amon Lind
\par 2. Do some spying and find out about Elven Rings
\par hazards: roaming Orc bands
\par play tips:
\par starting companies: Threlin, Carambor (Binding Ring), Celedhring (Maranya), Luitprand
\par - make sure you can test a Gleaming Gold Ring at Amon Lind (either play one before moving there, or use Come by Night)
\par - untap that site with Durin's Ring, so you can squat there playing Essays, Rings, and minion Elves.
\par - depending on the opponent, get Knowledge of Vilya, Narya or Nenya from sideboard
\par - boost up an Elf warrior (Carambor) with Ring of Courage/Binding Ring and send him to get the Knowledge (use {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}Ruse{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} to deflect the strike).
\par - use one of your big Dwarves with a Ring to bring in Petty Dwarves or Dunlending.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid397835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid397835\charrsid397835 Down, Down to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}Mithril
{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}Town{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} [Dwar]:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166 

\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid397835 1.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid3481907 
 Play items and your allies and Under-deeps & surface sites (Stinker can also be played at the Under-grottos in DC games)}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid397835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid4916053 2. Setting up Veins of Arda & Mithril using Celedhring & Maranya
\par hazards: Drakes with a Wake of Wolves ;)
\par play tips:
\par starting companies:
\par Br\'f3in, Dr\'f3r (Open to th}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid9445908 e Summons), Gulla, N\'e1in, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid4916053 
Thulin II (His Beard Long and Forged), Whispers of Rings
\par - }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid3481907 Once you get a Dwarven Ring get your back-up Dwarf factions from your SB to maximize your points. 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166 - play Great Secrets Buried There on yourself to play your Gold Ring items and any under-deeps site.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid4916053 - }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid3481907 
Once you have Celedhring in play use Dwar and Ancient Secrets to get some Veins of Arda into your deck to get the run for Mithril going. On a perfect turn you can play Mithril & the Balrog ally on the same turn (the Balrog is best played by Celedhring)

\par -}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid3481907\charrsid397835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid397835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid397835\charrsid10779479 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166\charrsid10779479 Defenders of Arnor [Elrond]:
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166\charrsid10779479 objectives:
\par 1. Raid, Rebuild and Reconstruct some Towers
\par 2. Bring the Angmarim to your side, plunder the Under-deeps and become Elf-king
\par hazards: Waterdragons and various
\par play tips:
\par starting company: Glorfindel (Trusted Counsellor, Bow of Yew), Beretar (Herbs), Aramacar (Elven Rope), Halbarad
\par - leave Halbarad behind at Rivendell to become an Elf-friend, score some Possessions of the High Elves, and sing Marvels Told
\par - your main company will roam Angmar and Arthedain, playing items and {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}Reconstructed
{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}Towers{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}.
\par - use {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}Elven{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}Bridge{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} to travel safely in Angmar.
\par - play Tower Raided at {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}Mount{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname 
address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}Gram{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} and Hidden Haven it. Leave someone behind to keep it in play. 
\par - afterwards, get Rebuild the Town from sideboard and Fortress Reclaimed; discard Hidden Haven and play these 2 on Mount Gram, allowing you to play Angmarim at the site.
\par - use {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}Great Road{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} to keep Elrond in Rivendel, so you can recycle resources with Vilya (and Ring of Air).
\par - Vilya and some other resources will have to come from sideboard; tap Elrond to get them to the discard
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166\charrsid10779479 Forests of Old [Galadriel]:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166\charrsid10779479 
\par objectives:
\par 1. Search for magic and Dwarven rings, and get Treebeard and Tom together
\par 2. Move to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}Mount{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}Doom{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} to Raid the cracks of doom.
\par hazards: Elves and Awakened Plants
\par play tips:
\par starting company: Thranduil (Thrall of the Voice, Bow of Yew), Celeborn Lord of Lorien (Trusted Counsellor), Wood-elf (Elven Rope)
\par - your starting company will play gold rings and Essays. These you can test with Ringlore or Wizard's Test (sideboard, use with Ancient Skill), or store them.
\par - once you get Treebeard in play, sideboard Tom Bombadil in; you can move to Tom's House using A Long Good Talk. If you cannot start Thranduil, Galadriel will have to get moving, otherwise she stays at L\'f3rien.
\par - tap Galadriel to get Leaf Brooch, Waybread, Cup of Farewell and Nenya to the discard. Use Galadriel and Lady of Many Gifts to play them
\par - nearing the end of your cycle, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}sideboard{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}Tower{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} Raided in. Move to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}Mount{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}Doom{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
 (using Waybread), where you can invert Into the Smoking Cone, which you can store with Long Good Talk
\par - with a Dwarven Ring on Galadriel you can play The Elf-king
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166\charrsid10779479 Friends of Yore [C\'edrdan]:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166\charrsid10779479 
\par objectives:
\par 1. Muster Factions in Gondor and establish a base there
\par 2. Rescue a friend at Barad-d\'fbr and defeat E\'e4rcarax\'eb
\par hazards: Awakened Plants and animals
\par play tips:
\par starting company: Erestor (Master Healer, Trusted Counsellor, Elf-stone), Surion (Thrall of the Voice, Shield of Iron), Shipwright, Wood-elf (Cram)
\par - move to Gondor, using Shipwright and Cram for extra regions (or play an item on the way there)
\par - C\'edrdan stays at Grey Havens intially, to sideboard and keep handsize up. Tap him to bring Belegaer, Star of High Hope, Healing Song, Kindling of the Spirit, Cloudless Day (or Moon) to discard pile.
\par - Play Hidden Haven at Haudh-en-Gwanur, and move Cirdan there (with Belegaer)
\par - use a Nazgul or Maia/Elflord to bring the Dragons from sideboard to discard, and get them to hand with Parsimony of Seclusion. 
\par - once you have Wormsbane, set E\'e4rcaraxe up for a kill under Keeper of the Passage, for which you can use Old Thrush (sideboard) and Nenseld\'eb (Cloudless Day).
\par - sideboard {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname address}}Great Road{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}, Friend of Yore and an item in, and move to Barad-d\'fbr (and back) from your Hidden Haven.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1031\langnp2057\insrsid5715166\charrsid10779479 
\par }}